---
layout: default
title: Growing Developers &ndash; Curated Conversation About Building Developer Talent
---

Trying to figure out how to challenge and grow every member of your
software team? Interested in improving your own skills? Do you really like
the soothing sound of software developers speaking smoothly?

Then _Growing Developers_ is for you!

## Next Show: [Self Directed Learning](/self-directed-learning) &mdash; March 27 at 2pm EST/11AM PST

As developers, we often have to take our education into our own hands. In this
episode, we expose some of the myths surrounding educating yourself and share
techniques for amping your growth.

Tweet your insights to [@growdevelopers](http://twitter.com/growdevelopers) and
you may be referenced in the show!

## Latest Show: [Surviving a Bad Project](/surviving-a-bad-project) &mdash; March 13, 2013

We've all been there. We've been asked to do the impossible, work with the
impossible, or finish before anything is possible. In this episode, we talk
about how to make the most out of those situations!

Featuring [Ashe Dryden](http://twitter.com/ashedryden), [Evan
Light](http://twitter.com/elight), and [Zee
Spencer](http://www.twitter.com/zspencer).

## Previous Shows

### [Making the Most of a Conference](/making-the-most-out-of-conferences) &mdash; February 27, 2013

How do you overcome introversion at a conference? What is this mysterious
hallway track people keep talking about? How do you make new professional
connections and leave a good impression?  This episode is all about improving
your conference experience.

Featuring [Ashe Dryden](http://twitter.com/ashedryden), [Evan
Light](http://twitter.com/elight), [Cory
Flanigan](http://twitter.com/seeflanigan), [Isaac
Sanders](http://twitter.com/isaacsanders) and [Zee
Spencer](http://www.twitter.com/zspencer).

### [Convincing Your Boss To Invest In Your Growth](/convincing-your-boss-to-invest-in-your-growth/) &mdash; February 13, 2013

How do you convince your boss to invest in your growth as a developer? Cajoling?
Begging? Arm wrestling? However you try to convince them now, this episode is
all about helping you do it better.

Featuring
[Ashe Dryden](http://twitter.com/ashedryden), [Evan
Light](http://twitter.com/elight), [Isaac
Sanders](http://twitter.com/isaacsanders), [Matthew
Weitzel](http://twitter.com/weitzelb), [Michael
Hall](http://twitter.com/just3ws) and [Zee
Spencer](http://www.twitter.com/zspencer).

### [Giving and Getting Feedback](/giving-and-getting-feedback/) &mdash; January 14, 2013

How do we get feedback when remote or junior? How do we give good feedback? What
do you give feedback on? Our first episode tackles this tough topic.

Featuring [Ashe Dryden](http://twitter.com/ashedryden), [Evan
Light](http://twitter.com/elight), [Dave Hoover](http://twitter.com/davehoover),
[Matt Weitzel](http://twitter.com/weitzelb), and [Zee
Spencer](http://twitter.com/zspencer).
